Add test for realm version clean-up on close (#7055)
realm/realm-java: CHANGELOG.md

## 7.0.3 (YYYY-MM-DD)

### Enhancements

> * Addded `Realm.getNumberOfActiveVersions()`, which give back the current number of active versions maintained by the Realm file.

Author: ```suggestion
* Added `Realm.getNumberOfActiveVersions()`, which returns the current number of active versions maintained by the Realm file.
```
